[Music]
familiar I don't entertain myself much with the
intro of this excerpt the title of the
string because I need modelers the
title of the stream is I need
moderators for tweets but
I only want to put people I
trust very well so don't change the
title what I have never they never
change the title I never have it
followed everything dude
then the one who earns the money is me
listen to me out joke let's react
to a debate that vegeta had yesterday like a
little stream on the subject of feminism okay me
with all the love and okay a person
that I don't dislike even though I may
disagree with them on many
things but it seems to me it seems like a
lovely person okay I
think she is nice but there are many things
that have happened but the law is not
life javi on monday declares amber
heard get ready what you get 100k
views
on monday we will be on the lookout for
hunger declaration
and not only will we be on the lookout for
amber's classes but I have
a video pending on the case
tomorrow I am going to record another video about the
case but tomorrow another video will be published
about those of  Malaga just like it's
doing to me fj a video that you can think
of brakes that flip eyes of the handsome guasa
and well
the number when I declared let's see well
we're not going to pull our
balls out surely because let's go to me it
reminds me a lot of other cases but well
yesterday it got very high for a headquarters
as
surely the brief information was proven
defamation was proven but let's see from
the legal point of view well then we'll talk about
that we're going to react to those of Vegeta
about send me whatever because you
're saying about the sun send it
comments that he said in a small
debate he had with will do today and while they
were playing in arcade or rather it's that
real madrid of their and the whole
android situation was mentioning that because of the
fact that she was a woman she could be
denied or had a limit to being a streamer
however men making streamers
have no limits and mind you I want to clarify
viguetas it's not that he's a macho it's not that he
's anti-feminist no on the
contrary he clarified it and mentioned that he
is in favor of equality but that
nevertheless there are things today that
don't seem right to him  okay and in this little
debate that the channel had today and precisely
had a debate ok a debate for this
same situation from the point of view of
arroyito
for
everything much easier for me in that
sense
tell me what the hell
what nonsense did he just say to oblivion
what nonsense
to see it from the aclu
send that to me by email finally that it is
to me it was good I want to see that part
that still doesn't arrive today a little bit more
behind but because I'm going I'm
making the videos of Jong and others it's
helping me places but apart from the fact that it's
helping me places you know that
I like the videos
although sometimes I don't make them running with
the sanse or because I like to contrast
with a few things and look for a
few things you understand me then
in the subject of johnny and dee ann see my
channel I'm not carrying it I'm not going to
carry it in a news plan pa pa pa pa
pa like hotels to the pse or with the
salsa players of the lady of the milestones of
more no because it is the main channel and there will be
compilations now there is no life there
are three days that I don't upload videos of the
case because I am  collecting is
making a good video just like he
did with rollito it
is much
easier than it is ethical
for everything in general does not think the same let's
debate this there comes a point where it
no longer gives it no more we have
a ceiling
or you having it of the
glass ceiling is not like romá according to
a video gave a perfect example in
Spain there are more female judges than male judges I think
almost 60 percent okay it's not
much it's not much more but there are a little
more women than men who
act as judges does that
mean that men have
a ceiling
in that profession
women do not have any rights there are
women there are women who are dedicated to
being influencers who
burst and there are many who burst
precisely for being women just as there are
some who burst for being men I mean it is
not about any type of earthquake
or machismo or sae maybe
she likes a lot of
boys because she is very pretty because she is very
attractive and the boys follow her
because they like to see her
with text that she no longer works and
works okay I mean the ceiling  you
put it
we reached a point where from
request or not we can
each one in what and each one has to
get the maximum benefit possible within
the qualities that life gives him and
know how to take advantage of it and it keeps going up and
the way to see it is so that for
example the majority of the boys in
white look at the amur
to Moran apparently has charged I don't know
how many tens of millions of euros in I do
n't know if it has been a couple of years that he
has hit and apparently he has already retired
because he wanted to earn enough
and then
today the price for his physique hey but it has
been for what she wants for what she already wants for what she wanted
Lopez there are girls of course within each
guild of the sector of each type of
content
can break it equally boys as
girls then
the majority of people who have achieved
something that are
on YouTube and in strings or whatever if
those boys are indeed a coincidence
then maybe the boys will be attracted to it
before the streamer wants it
than the girls more beat points
because  they entered into other things the other
taste thing of life or maybe other
different countries that are in their time
I was already the biggest influencer in the
world totally true really the
smartest and ok guys but tell me one thing
any
limitation
because the concept is already there, for
example I consider that I have won
everything for my work and for my effort and
for everything I ca
n't stop reading comments
everywhere from you here for this you are here
for this other one is here for the same
way of scandals
emtusa who is messing with her
because they don't have a [ __ ] idea
of ​​where she comes from and if you are enjoying yourself let's
see there are cases in which let's
see that this dimension of Antwerp in
Belgium Antwerp and Amber here
became much more popular thanks to
being with Johnny Depp who plugged her in
the movie is from the WBA
apparently as a result of contacts through
contacts point ball it was streets and
currar and would accuse was very good and if
matrix I don't think it is a conditioning
if you know but
in life there are cases that are true but it
is true that there may also be boys
who arrive  to be something for their girlfriends the
game whatever they tell him what
that has become famous for being with Ari
because she was famous for
example Jennifer Lopez's husband
winter in this case right now no
because it is Ben Affleck and we are
even two even the most famous
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck no but
imagine that Jennifer Lopez goes with
a girl sorry a boy and an
ife Lopez who is less known than her are
going to say this boy is known for
being Jennifer Lopez's boyfriend not to fall
then that is always you are and it
is not because you are a boy or a girl
simply because of the fact that in that
case one person is famous than the other
and I do
not see it that way or it exploded what I
consider is that it is not said because it is
the truth it is said to try to make your
particular case is that he is talking about
a particular case of her he is not
talking about everything in general and that it is like
that simply because you are a woman your case of
being
good
is not like I had the talent it is not for
trying  offend that person in some way,
that may be, then I would have more
criticism, but that would limit you
because the criticism behind it is
generally a lot, you are not going to have
the same criticism as me in this
sense, there have been many insults, of
course you have insults, but I
have five for that subject, but
that does not prevent someone who reaches 9 from
putting me on the woman, that person does not
say no, but but much less than you,
but you have my point, if you think that,
for example,
someone says, I'm going to follow this person or I'm
not going to follow because she's a girl, haha, that
also happens, it is considered that,
for example, I'm going to tell you another
limit that I have, okay, and this happens to me
a lot because it happens to me daily, and for
example, I can't make the same jokes
that you make because the child, every time I
make a joke, what do you do? and I
swear to you, the same people label me with
absolutely everything that could
cross your mind and I can't make the
same jokes, I can't be funny
because for me those jokes are vulgar,
and for that I would need an example because there
are habits, girl, almost jokingly, that are
vulgar  and guys who do it and it
seems the same to me if one does it or the other it's that I do
n't understand is that the one who is
saying nonsense to today and
from my point of view for here they are
funny but you listen when
I make a joke as a joke many
times they put an end to me the only thing that is
not the
same as talking about
eggs and I do not because that is how it is
let's put the situation if it is easier
for me to have more people against you than
you have
what you want to fix because if the
montgó I will give you an example if you want you
can give you thousands of examples like that I
behave as he behaves in this
case for example I will give you an example if you
touch if it was a person who subtracted a
lot insulted a lot etc etc etc
normally if a woman does that and it
was very little and everyone did it
but if it is a
rude woman vulgar it is that they should
label it when you crash the same I
took it to and I had been doing it for more
than a year and people canceled my
messages the most vulgar thing in life and
people adore her I adore her I know she screams
a little and so on but it is  adorable and pretty
people when you crash usually
removing the best that follows more
usually knows that way of
forgiving the level of the crash or rather the
level of the crash was passed and I've been
saying it for a year people don't go but it's that he
's your father has gone to hell go
to hell behaving is not appropriate
tomorrow I start saying what the
crash says that I assume that part of
that is his role and such
role or role equally they found me and if you
're a girl then equally because
from my point of view
but it's what I'm telling you that they
can smoke what I give you an
example ten thousand people and with me it's going to be
double then there are the
limitations of the ones who have a tablet but
well I understand your point of view I
don't share it because I think that because I
think that in this case it's to say many
times also even the physique itself
influences including factors that we are
not here and the physique
became much more
the conversation is very interesting the debate they had
was very very good the truth but
continuing with the gone and the most
important things I have to cut it because it's
not going to be very  long the video the
thing is that the same vegueta then
began to mention in the same way as he
can always and the only fact of being
debating on this subject with the same
aroy and the same vegueta could do
cancel which is quite quite
someone thinks of nothing also participates
in the boxing evening and such that at the
beginning I said also would not have
used was going to direct he has thrown it on
top of him for not having girls you know I
don't think there has been any type of
but there are girls like boys you can
play any game and I can play
any game no you want to have more
or less what is the limitation another is that I do
not understand what is the [ __ ]
limitation that there is the charisma that you
have the art that you have is that I do not
understand that the limitation is 10 that is
true it is true that if you say something
stupid or I say something stupid just
like the clash can say then they are
going to tire us out the next day the food comes out I do not
know I do not think that because
there is a say I am going to cancel you more for
being boys and having made anyone take out
say look for example you say if I make
a comment as beastly as the one that
maybe is going to  be able to do it almost at
a specific moment they are going to cancel me for
being a girl and making that comment but I
also think that I, well, the guy,
can get canceled more easily
for making a comment about a
girl, for example, the simple fact of my
opinion here could already be cancelable
more or less for being a girl because you are
the girl talking about the topic of feminism
but a guy talking about the topic of feminism
giving his opinion but it's because
handsome the thing about the race stops and you are
right about this then he spoke
specifically about the covers for the
cancellations and how today they are
made without any kind of proof
and this is not right at all because it
's also true that lately the
typical thing that these situations do not hear
well this person or this girl in the
case that it is a girl but this guy at
home has reported
that people
who for the ico already like no I don't think it's going to
be like that you know for example
now that there is the whole hunger trial
and all this well look precisely he
said precisely give me there is a fact
this yes that equally has issues that
we will not know and a thousand things but
that everyone stopped working
with him  for the simple fact of saying that first it
is to say that you are the crack in which there
is an injustice for the fact of being a
man that we
usually tend to be for being a woman
in this situation but I say that that is why I
say that what should be the whole
but the world both boys and girls
need to do tests before condemning
the person I understand that there are
preventive measures and that these preventive measures are improved
then if there has been a
possible abuse then these two people
separated then it will be thought what is
done
but from there to accuse a boy just because
the girl reports you know
that people or socially it is already bad
because I do not see it fair because of course
the same thing can happen or I mean
both one person and the other can invent
Romario
but from little ones is when you have to
educate all this the absolute truth and it is
a little
this even wrong you know that my
opinion but it may be that I am
wrong
but the people who go of new stories
this has told me this is in this other
way because look I do not know what and here are
the data however my opinion is at this
point I am not asking you you know
equally that you are not forcing
anyone to have a different opinion that  your
opinions experiences and the things that
they were in charge of their opinion and it
will be for a reason that you know for
example you grew up in a very
religious society and it is possible that you have another
perception of all this is an actor what is that
tell me your opinion that supported me that you
are wrong for this reason here it
happened to you but of course already maybe like this well
look with they have to change their opinion
because at best you are wrong and the
other person is right of course there were
many times the typical thing of what is
happening look what is happening
many times with the issue of feminism is
probably that it reaches the person
in this case psychology says is that
everyone is an abuser and everything no not
always that person saying that says
look at the data is this what is
happening if the person who speaks yes
as a spokesperson you speak in this way to
situations this investment is in this
way because I have suffered these for
these reasons and possibly with a
different appreciation for this well you
as a person who maybe does not deal
much with the subject well maybe you are
more interested and I am going to listen to you this
person because she is not speaking like
shouting and undermined you know it is as if you are
trying to comment on something and  from the studio and
Rita screaming they get married more
and this is a
typical example of all politicians
they are all thieves and that person says
what they are saying is true but you no longer
hear them when you see them with the
same eyes aimed at looking at what
resonates I of this day has been that this has
happened this and this other and this has
been a political ally has
happened and you already that person and
totally careless fax fax fax fax faxes
that the same vegueta threw when I arrived to
talk about these things viguetas without a
doubt they are concrete accurate to the
jugular of test to the jugular of this
type of topics surely some person
imagines old age is doing
entering into debate I don't know what
I invited him many times I have said I
20 we do the talk I don't know what we talked
about this subject of the tests but they
want us they say that you know that I don't
want problems
I don't want to get into reading he says
but can you imagine vegetating plan
dedicating themselves to giving opinions on things making
opinion videos
[Applause]
so offending for it would be brutal and
Ximo is very  based is very based
if you want to see the full debate you
can see it on his channel ok
[Music]